The Assignment folder contains the following files:-

1. script.py 
	Main script that generates the error for all the combinations.
2. jour.csv
	Contains data for all the journals about their SJR, H index, Total Docs(2017), Total Docs(3yrs), Total Refs., Total cites(3yrs), Citable Docs(3 yrs), Cites(2 yrs), Ref
	(Variables)
3. found.txt
	Contains data for journals about their Impact factor(Output)
4. Answer.csv
	Conatains error and mean squared error for all the 512 combinations of input varibales generated by the script.

About the script:-
	The script has functions for all the work and their respective documentation can be found at the starting of every function.

	Functions:-

	1. getInput(a,b): Takes two arguments a and b. Reads the data from file a and writes the 	data in the array b.
	2. matchTitles(a,b,c): Takes two arrays a and b as arguments and enters the matched titles data into the c array.
	3. rectifyData(a): The array with the final matched data contains some error. Everywhere in the file '.' is replaces by ','
	4. combinations(): returns every possible combination of variables.
	5. getAnswer(): Takes the final matched data as argument and uses the values retuned by combinations to compute the error using the following formula.
							Y=XB
							X: Variables Data
							Y: Output variable Data
							B: Coefficient array

							B= ((Xt*X)^-1)*Xt*Y
	The library numpy is used to perform matrix operations.


Minimum error: "0.2710559676211289" in SJR Total Docs(2017) Total Docs(3yrs) Total cites(3yrs) Cites(2 yrs) 
Minimum Mean Squared error: "0.12224050828477136" in SJR Total Docs(2017) Total Docs(3yrs) Total Refs. Total cites(3yrs) Cites(2 yrs) Ref 

